# Vue CSS Objects

A WIP collection of OOCSS Objects written in Vue.

## Installation
---------------
``` bash
npm install --save vue-objects
```

## Usage
---------------
``` javascript
import { Media } from 'vue-objects'
```

This package provides the necessary CSS styles to render each object properly,
but it's not mandatory to import them: you can use whatever style provider
you want to use. Just make sure to map correctly all the classes generated by `vue-objects`.

If you still want to import our generated CSS syles just add

``` javascript
require('vue-objects/dist/lib/vue-objects.min.css')
```

to your application entry point.


## Contributing
---------------

Want to contribute?

``` bash
# install dependencies
npm install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
npm run dev

# unit tests
npm test (or npm run tdd)

# build for production with minification
npm run build

# build for production and view the bundle analyzer report
npm run build --report
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, checkout the
[guide](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack/) and [docs for vue-loader](http://vuejs.github.io/vue-loader).


### How can I add more components to this library?
---------------

Fork the repo, and then:

1. Create a new folder for your component in `src/components/` folder. Develop it.

2. Add your component in `src/lib.js` export array to make it available.

3. Add a new file in `src/showcase/components/` showcasing your new component.


### Why is /dist folder not gitignored?
---------------

The dist folder is removed from .gitignore so that it's available on npm and
user's who want the minified built distribution of your library can grab it
(located in /lib subfolder). Also your docs site built distribution is made
available in the same folder (located in /docs subfolder).


### Why am I seeing unstaged files right after installing the project?
---------------

This is because the prepublish hook is called after an `npm install`. These
files are autogenerated so you'll end up overwriting them when working on the
package. There's no need to stage them immediately.

This package was created using [vue-template-library](https://github.com/prograhammer/vue-library-template)
package. For further clarifications refer to its README.
